Hi Enda, Ben. I hope things are well.

I`ll just briefly describe the functionalities and navigability flow:

1 - The app was designed to only show the main page (Steps section and Form Section) to non-admin users. 
2 - A non-admin user (set as Role = Student in Auth0 setup) is given the create:messages permissions as default and can only use the .post "/new" endpoint. (Create messages);
3 - An admin user is given all CRUD permissions by default and when logs in, the admin section is displayed. I deemed not necessary to give and admin user access to the users section.
4 - I`ve created 2 admin users on Auth0 setup already for both of you, and the usernames and passwords are as follows: 
Username: enda@admin.ie  Password: Admin123 
Username: ben@admin.ie  Password: Admin123
Both have been given admin permissions and will be able to access the admin section.
To send a message, just sign-up as a new user.

5 - Admin Section Walkthrough

Filters - You can use the Filter SearchBox to filter the table based on the input keyword.
Radio input - You can toggle the display to Only Students, Non Students and Show All.
Email - You can click on the email and it will open your default email application to reply to that message.
View message button (EYE) - Displays message details (I didn`t spend too much time styling this modal as it serves its purpose as it is)
Delete message - Self Explanatory 
Read Message Checkbox - You can check the button if you have already read the message*


* This last functionality I added as a challenge - I created another table to store an "isRead" column, which takes a "bit dataType" (in JS it is passed as true/false) 
and has a messageId linked to the id from the checked button on the table.
I got it to stay checked when you refresh the page/or logs in again BUT I`m still trying to figure out how to get it to work when the user uncheks the message.

You can check for the mobile version as I added a few responsiveness breakpoint - 1024px, 768px, 576px; 

Thanks for reading this document and sorry if I extended myself too much.





